add comment about boundary data (#13)
MeteoSwiss/opendata-forecast-data: README.md

Users can access forecast model data from the last **24 hours**. Data older than this is no longer available. The data in each collection is described in the [Model Specification table](#21-model-specifications).

> > ⚠️ **WARNING**: The boundary of the spatial domain may contain random data.

Reviewer: Should it be transfered to the "horizontal grid" section? This section rather describes the metadata. 
```suggestion
> ⚠️ **WARNING**: Data located at the boundary of the spatial domain may be random.
```

Author: I think, it would fit in both sections. Let's change that in the new "restructuring" PR.
